[Blitz] Added docs for run_condition actions  if, elif, else (#67)
CiscoTestAutomation/genie: docs/blitz/design/advanced_actions/advanced.rst

* An if statement with boolean value (True or False statement).

* (Optional) An elif statement with boolean value (True or False statement).

> * (Optional) An else statement, the actions under else is executed when if, elif statement fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (Optional) An else statement, the actions under else are executed when the booleans for the if and elif statements are all False.

```

Author: updated.

                     arguments:
                       interface: GigabitEthernet10
                - run_condition:
                       if: "%VARIABLES{gims_output} == 1500 and %VARIABLES{gims_output} == 2500"
                       actions:
                         - parse:
                             command: show version
                             device: uut
                         - sleep:
                             sleep_time: 1

**Example-6: Running actions with if else condition**

.. code-block:: YAML

    test:
        source:
            pkg: genie.libs.sdk
            class: triggers.blitz.blitz.Blitz
        devices: ['uut']
        test_sections:
            - apply_config:
                - api:                                              # api output is equal to 1500
                     device: uut
                     function: get_interface_mtu_size
                     save:

>                        - variable_name: gims_output                 # the 1500 is stored in gims_output

Reviewer 2: `gims_output`/`gims_output_1` -> `mtu1`/`mtu2` is better

Author: updated

                     arguments:
                       interface: GigabitEthernet1
                - api:                                              # api output is equal to 1500
                     device: uut
                     function: get_interface_mtu_size
                     save:
                       - variable_name: gims_output_1                 # the 2500 is stored in gims_output
                     arguments:

>                        interface: GigabitEthernet10

Reviewer 2: I think this api section is not needed in this example?

Author: updated.

                - run_condition:
                  - if: "%VARIABLES{gims_output} == 1200"   # gims_output output is 1500, if condition fails
                    actions:
                      - parse:
                          command: show version
                          device: uut
                      - sleep:
                          sleep_time: 1
                  - else:                                 # actions under else is executed here
                    actions:
                      - parse:
                          command: show version

>                           device: uut

Reviewer 2: not sure why `show version` here. maybe simply use `print` action to tell the result here like `mtu is not 1200`.

Author: updated.

**Example-7: Running actions with if, elif and else condition**

.. code-block:: YAML

    test:
        source:
            pkg: genie.libs.sdk
            class: triggers.blitz.blitz.Blitz
        devices: ['uut']
        test_sections:
            - apply_config:
                - api:                                              # api output is equal to 1500
                     device: uut
                     function: get_interface_mtu_size
                     save:

>                        - variable_name: gims_output                 # the 1500 is stored in gims_output

Reviewer 2: same -> `mtu1`/`mtu2`

Author: updated.

                     arguments:
                       interface: GigabitEthernet1
                - api:                                              # api output is equal to 1500
                     device: uut
                     function: get_interface_mtu_size
                     save:
                       - variable_name: gims_output_1                 # the 2500 is stored in gims_output
                     arguments:

>                        interface: GigabitEthernet10

Reviewer 2: not used again? please remove or please update example to use this

Author: updated.

                - run_condition:
                  - if: "%VARIABLES{gims_output} == 1300"
                    actions:
                      - parse:
                          command: show version
                          device: uut
                      - sleep:
                          sleep_time: 1
                   - elif: "%VARIABLES{gims_output} == 1000"
                    actions:
                      - parse:
                          command: show ip interface brief
                          device: uut
                  - elif: "%VARIABLES{gims_output} == 1500"  # gims_output output is 1500, elif is executed
                    actions:
                      - parse:
                          command: show version
                          device: uut
                  - else:
                    actions:
                      - parse:
                          command: show version

>                           device: uut

Reviewer 2: same. `print` action to tell result instead of `show version`

Author: updated.
